[Mobile Payments] Allow In-Person Payments on a UK-based store (#9415)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

13.2
-----

> - [**] Payments: UK merchants can collect In-Person Payments [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/9415]

Reviewer: To avoid confusion between the store and the merchant being different, how about changing the release note to something like?
```suggestion
- [**] Payments: UK-based stores can collect In-Person Payments [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/9415]
```

Author: I removed the release note in https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/9428, but I will take this suggestion into account when adding it again 👍
